1. A local deployment of the system should include a managing terminal and up to 5 cashier terminals.
2. The complete system should support simultaneous operation of up to a hundred local deployments.
3. The system should allow for both local and general expansion if necessary.
4. The system should not discriminate between users. Separate employee accounts are not required.
5. Since every region requires a separate menu, the system should support region-based menu databases.
6. The system must provide an automated communication interface with the administrative servers for daily(real time if possible) activity reports.
7. The system must provide a two-way user interface for establishment-administration communication.
8. The administrative interface must be able to provide an overview of the daily activities of the establishments.
9. A credit card reader.
10. A cash register for money.
11. The cash register should be able to print bills.
12. The option of dividing a bill into several bills.
13. A system that gives an overview of all the orders that have been made that day
14. The system should provide different language choices.
15. The system should have a simple and a conservative interface.
16. The system should have a feature of deleting an order.
17. A second system for customers feedback.
18. The second system should save feedback inside a textfile on close.
19. The program should include a logging system for keeping track of interactions.
20. The program should also provide tracking of sales history.
21. The system should allow the user to personalize the graphic user interface (different color themes as an example)
22. It is important that the system gives user some visual feedback after every interaction.
23. The graphic user interface should include some animations.
24. Noticeable help messages are also very important.
25. The system should provide different language choices.
26. It is important to show the system's current status (is the system loading something at the moment as an example)
27. The program should be able to record cash registers initial and end states.
28.
29.
30.
31.
32.
33.
34.
