•Head waiter (vahetuse vanem) shall be able to record cash registers initial and end states. 

1. Is there a need to record the state of cash registers during the normal work hours?
(not just initial and end states)

Yes, that would be much appreciated.

2. Is there also a need to check the credit card payments or just cash payments?

I am in charge of both credit card and cash payments.

3. Should waiters be also able to register cash register initial and end states?

Waiters don't have the authority to do so.

4. Should you (head waiter) also be able to enter and track orders?

No, this is waiter's job.

5. Should you (head waiter) also be able to perform billing and accept payments?

This is the waiter's job also.

6. Is there a need for logging system to keep track of interactions?

Yes, a logging system would be very convinient.

7. Should the graphical user interface be easier to use or should it have more functionalities.

The interface should be user-friendly, to avoid any kind of confusion.

8. How much importance does the graphical user interface design element have?

Looks are important. The interface should look good, but easy on the eyes - not too colourful..

9. Should the program also provide sales history tracking?

Yes, it would give us a good overview of our business.

10. Should we make the graphical user interface more conservative or should we focus more on 
making it modern?

We focus on tomorrow. We always like to be ahead of others. Even the slightest edge is important,
thus we would be thankful if it would look modern.

11. Is there a need to provide usage of the program for different head waiters?
(logging in and logging out)

It is not paramount because right now there is just one head waiter. 

16. Should there be also personalization for every user's graphic user interface?

Yes, i think it would be a splendid idea. The workers would feel more at home then.

17. What kind of customizations should there be then?

Nothing special, choices between different color themes should be enough.

12. What kind of visual feedback should the graphic user interface give?

Quite frankly, i would like the GUI to give some visual feedback after every interaction. 
Otherwise it would be difficult to know if the program has responded to my command.

13. So the visibility of the system's status is also very important.

Yes indeed. It is always good to have an overview of what exactly is going on.

14. Should the GUI also include some animations?

I think using animation is a very good idea, movement is much more noticeable than stationary images.

18. Is there anything special that needs to be especially attractive to the eye?

I think that displaying help messages in a very noticeable way would be much appreciated.

15. Using color-coded lists is also a popular choice among people using GUI-s. What do you think about it?

In general I approve it but as mentioned above, it should not be too colorful and strain the eyes.

19. Should there be different language choices also?

I think it is a must for a global company so yes, it's necessary.

20. Any final thoughts on what should the program include?

No, I have nothing to add.


